Sister Huai, I'm sorry.
I lied to you with Brother Xiao
The Jiang family was born of my illness
I don't know if it can be cured
I can't hold you back
But don't worry.
I will definitely take our baby
He was born in peace.
Sister Hua, today is our little Di's first birthday.
Let's celebrate his birthday together
I wish us Xiao Di all the best.
healthy
Grow into a handsome man like dad
Sister Hua
Xiao Di was found out today with congenital heart disease
He's so young
How can he stand it?
The doctor said
The cost of treatment is more than 3 million
Where am I going to get more than 3 million
What should I do?
He is ours
Love crystallization
Sister Hua
I worked three jobs this month
Pay the rent and the surgery
Still owe a lot of money
Hey, this month is really tiring.
Mom fruit
Look.
Look at our little Di, thank you.
Sister Hua
Xiao Di really looks like you
Very considerate
Very sensible
As expected of father and son
These few years
You live such a life
Who is at home?
Hello
You are back.